Improve documentation (#10)
kyma-incubator/milv: README.md

## Overview

> `MILV` is a program that parses, checks and validates internal & external URLs links in markdown files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MILV is a program that parses, checks, and validates internal and external URL links in Markdown files.
```

> It can be used for verification pull requests and as standalone library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use it either for verifying pull requests or as a standalone library.
```

Reviewer: We try to use active rather than passive voice :)

## Prerequisites

> You have to have [GoLang](https://golang.org/doc/install) in version 1.15 or above installed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must have [GoLang](https://golang.org/doc/install) in version 1.15 or higher installed.
```

## Installation

> ### Build binary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Build a binary
```

> Run the following commands to get the source code, resolve external dependencies and build the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following commands to get the source code, resolve external dependencies, and build the project.
```

Reviewer: (serial comma, we use it in our docs following the AmE practices)

> The output binary will be in project directory with name: `milv`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output binary named `milv` will be created in the project directory.
```

```bash
git clone https://github.com/kyma-incubator/milv.git
cd milv
make build
```

> ### Build docker image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Build a Docker image
```

> There is an option to build docker image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can build a Docker image out of MILV to use it in a continuous integration pipeline.
```

```bash
make build-image
```

> You can use it as normal `milv` binary, you only need to mount volume, example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use MILV as a binary. To do that, mount a directory that MILV must validate.
```

Author: ```suggestion
You can use docker image the same way as MILV binary. To do that, mount a directory that MILV must validate.
```

```
cd ..
docker run -v $PWD:/milv milv -base-path milv
```

### Definitions

> Internal link - is the link to the local resource, header, other file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MILV's logic is based on this basic distinction:
- **Internal link** is the link to the local resource, header, or any other file.
```

> External link - is the link to the HTTP resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **External link** is the link to the HTTP resource.
```

### Command line parameters

You can use the following parameters while using `milv` binary:

| Name                           | Description                                                 | Default Value      |
| ------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------| ------------------ |
| `-base-path`                   | Root directory of the repository                            | `""`               |
| `-backoff`                     | Backoff timeout                                             | `"1s"`             |

> | `-config-file`                 | Configuration file for the bot. See the [**Config file**](#configuration-file) section for more details.  | `milv.config.yaml` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-config-file`                 | Configuration file for the bot. See the [** Configuration file**](#configuration-file) section for more details.  | `milv.config.yaml` |
```

Reviewer: After having given it some thought, I would move this to a separate file. So that could be:
```
See the [Configuration file specification](/docs/configuration-file.md) for more details.
```

| `-files-to-ignore`             | Comma-separated files which will not be checked             | `[]`               |
| `-allow-redirect`              | Redirects will be allowed                                   | `false`            |
| `-request-repeats`             | Number of repeated request                                  | `1`                |
| `-allow-code-blocks`           | Links in code blocks will be checked                        | `false`            |
| `-timeout`                     | Connection timeout (in seconds)                             | `30`               |
| `-ignore-external`             | External links to be ignored                                | `false`            |
| `-ignore-internal`             | Internal links to be ignored                                | `false`            |
| `-v`                           | Verbose logging                                             | `false`            |
| `-help` or `-h`                | Available parameters                                        | n/a                |

Files to be checked are given as free parameters.

> ### Configuration file

Reviewer: If that is a new file, it would naturally start with heading #1.

> The configuration file allows for more accurate parameterization of `milv` by having config per file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration file allows you to parameterize MILV, and specify clearly which files or links MILV should ignore.
```

> Config file must be a `.yaml` file and should be named `milv.config.yaml` if not overwritten by `-config-file` command line parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A configuration file must be a `.yaml` file and should be named `milv.config.yaml`, unless you overwrite it with the `-config-file` command line parameter.
```

> 

Reviewer: It would be good to mention that you must create this file at the root of your repository. An example of such a file in a code block would also be useful so that the table could be easier to understand.

> You can use the configuration file with command line arguments. Those settings will be combined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the configuration file with command line arguments. 
```

> The command line parameters overwrites the configuration file parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the command line parameters to provide additional configuration for MILV or to overwrite the configuration file parameters.
```

> #### Specification of configuration file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configurable parameters
```

Reviewer: H2 given it is a separate doc.

> | Name                           | Description                                                | Type | Default Value      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Parameter                           | Description                                                | Type | Default Value      |
```

| ------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------| ------|------------ |

> | backoff| Time to wait before next external link check when server responds with  429 status code (too many request) | duration | 1s |

Reviewer: Can you bold the parameter names and use code font for default values? Just like [here](https://kyma-project.io/docs/components/serverless/#configuration-serverless-chart-configurable-parameters)?

> | backoff| Time to wait before next external link check when server responds with  429 status code (too many request) | duration | 1s |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| backoff| Amount of time MILV must wait for the next external link validation when the server responds with the 429 status code (`Too many requests`) | duration | 1s |
```

> | external-links-to-ignore | List of external links which have to be ignored | array of strings | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| external-links-to-ignore | List of external links for MILV to ignore | array of strings | n/a |
```

Author: Why `n/a`?

> | internal-links-to-ignore | List of internal links which will be ignored | array of strings| |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| internal-links-to-ignore | List of internal links for MILV to ignore | array of strings| |
```

> | files-to-ignore | List of files and directories in which links won't be checked | array of strings | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| files-to-ignore | List of files and directories in which MILV won't check any links | array of strings | |
```

> | files-to-ignore-internal-links-in | List of files and directories in which internal links won't be checked | array of strings | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| files-to-ignore-internal-links-in | List of files and directories in which MILV won't check internal links | array of strings | |
```

> | timeout | Timeout for HTTP external link check | integer | 30 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| timeout | Timeout for the HTTP external links check | integer | 30 |
```

> | request-repeats | Number of HTTP tries when validating external link | integer | 1 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| request-repeats | Number of HTTP tries when validating external links | integer | 1 |
```

> | allow-redirect | Allow following redirects | boolean  | false |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| allow-redirect | Redirects that MILV must allow | boolean  | false |
```

> | allow-code-blocks | Links in code blocks will be checked | boolean | false |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| allow-code-blocks | Allow MILV to check links in code blocks |  boolean | false |
```

| ignore-external | External links will be ignored | boolean | false |
| ignore-internal | Internal links will be ignored | boolean | false |

> | files | List of files which should be treated with different settings | array of objects | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| files | List of files for which MILV must apply different settings | array of objects | |
```

| files.path | Path to the file | string | |
| files.links | List of link settings for the file | array of objects | | 
| files.links.path | Link name | string | |

> | files.links.config | Configuration of specific link in the file | object | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| files.links.config | Configuration of a specific link in the file | object | |
```

> | files.links.config.timeout | Timeout for HTTP link external check | integer | 30 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| files.links.config.timeout | Timeout for the HTTP external links check | integer | 30 |
```

> | files.links.config.request-repeats | Number of HTTP tries when validating external link | integer | 1 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| files.links.config.request-repeats | Number of HTTP tries when validating external links | integer | 1 |
```

> | files.links.config.allow-redirect | Allow following redirects | boolean | false |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| files.links.config.allow-redirect | Redirects that MILV must allow | boolean | false |
```

> | files.config | Configuration of specific file | object | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| files.config | Configuration of a specific file | object | |
```

> | files.config.backoff | Time to wait before external link check when server responds with  429 status code (too many request) | duration | 1s | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| files.config.backoff | Amount of time MILV must wait for the next external link validation when the server responds with the 429 status code (`Too many requests`) | duration | 1s | 

```

> | files.config.external-links-to-ignore | List with external links which have to be ignored in the file | array of strings | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| files.config.external-links-to-ignore | Files in which MILV must ignore all external links | array of strings | |

```

> | files.config.internal-links-to-ignore | List with internal links which have to be ignored in the file | array of strings | | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| files.config.internal-links-to-ignore | Files in which MILV must ignore all internal links | array of strings | | 
```

> | files.config.timeout | Timeout for HTTP external link check | integer | 30 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| files.config.timeout | Timeout for the HTTP external links check | integer | 30 |
```

| files.config.request-repeats | Number of HTTP tries when validating external links | integer | 1 |

> | files.config.allow-redirect | Allow following redirects | boolean | false |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| files.config.allow-redirect | Redirects that MILV must allow | boolean | false |
```

> | files.config.allow-code-blocks | Links in code blocks will be checked in the file | boolean | false |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| files.config.allow-code-blocks | Files in which MILV will check links in code blocks | boolean | false |
```

Author: It turn on/off switch for checking in code blocks. In his particular case it's for the specific file.
It sounds strangely.

> | files.config.ignore-external | External links will be ignored in the file | boolean | false |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| files.config.ignore-external | Files in which MILV must ignore all external links | boolean | false |
```

Reviewer: What's the difference between `files.config.external-links-to-ignore` and `files.config.ignore-external`?

Author: The first option is for specifying concrete external links, the second is global (for this file )on/off switch.

> | files.config.ignore-internal | Internal links will be ignored in the file | boolean | false |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| files.config.ignore-internal | Files in which MILV must ignore all internal links | boolean | false |
```

Reviewer: Same comment as above :)

> ### Usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Usage
```

> #### Command line parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Command line parameters
```

> - Checks all links, without matching `github.com` in all external links and without checking `vendor` directory in project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this command to check all links except for the `vendor` directory in the project and external links containing the `github.com` address.
```

```bash
milv -files-to-ignore="vendor" -external-links-to-ignore="github.com"
```

> - Checks all links only in `./README.md` and `./foo/bar.md` files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this command to check all links in the `./README.md` and `./foo/bar.md` files:
```

```bash
milv ./README.md ./foo/bar.md
```

> #### Configuration file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Configuration file
```

> ### Configuration file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Basic configuration file
```

> #### Basic example

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> If your tree of your project look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your project file structure should look as follows:
```

## Overview

`MILV` is a bot that parses, checks and validates internal & external URLs links in markdown files. It can be used for [verification pull requests](#validate-pull-requests) and also as standalone library.
`MILV` is a program that parses, checks and validates internal & external URLs links in markdown files.
It can be used for verification pull requests and as standalone library.

> ## Installation

Reviewer 2: Why are we getting rid of the "Installation" section?

    ├── file_test.go
    ├── foo.md
    └── some_dir
              └── bar.md
```

> given config file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See a sample configuration file:
```

      internal-links-to-ignore: ["#contributing"]
```

> Before running the validation, `milv` removes the `./README.md` file from the files list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before running the validation, MILV removes the `./README.md` file from the files list.
```

> For the `./src/foo.md` file mentioned in the example, milv concatenates the values for `external-links-to-ignore` entries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the `./src/foo.md` file mentioned in the example, MILV concatenates the values for **external-links-to-ignore** entries.
```

> The list of ignored external links will be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The list of ignored external links will look as follows:
```

```yaml
external-links-to-ignore: ["localhost", "abc.com", "github.com"]
```

> The same mechanism applies to `internal-links-to-ignore` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The same mechanism applies to the **internal-links-to-ignore** parameter.
```

> #### Advanced configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Advanced configuration file
```

> **NOTE**: For this example tree of project is the same as above.

> given config file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See a sample configuration file:
```

          allow-redirect: true
```

> Having this configuration, the `milv` globally:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Having this configuration, MILV globally:
```

> - will check external links with 45 seconds timeout

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Checks external links with the 45 seconds timeout.
```

> - will wait 2 second before doing another call if server responds with 429 status code (Too many requests)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Waits 2 seconds before making another call if the server responds with the 429 status code (`Too many requests`).
```

> - won't follow redirects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Doesn't allow redirects.
```

> - will allow checking links in code snippets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Checks links in code snippets.
```

> - will do maximum of 5 requests in case of an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Makes a maximum of 5 requests in case of an error.
```

> For `/src/foo.md` the `milv`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For `/src/foo.md`, MILV:
```

> - will timeout after 30 seconds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Timeouts after 30 seconds.
```

> - will do maximum of 3 requests in case of an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Makes a maximum of 3 requests in case of an error.
```

> - will ignore links in code blocks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ignores links in code blocks.
```

> - for link `https://github.com/kyma-incubator/milv` will timeout after 15 seconds and will follow redirections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For the `https://github.com/kyma-incubator/milv` link, MILV will timeout after 15 seconds and follow redirections.
```
